Lets talk about SEO.
We are talking about SEO.
We all have heard
of SEO.
Yes, we have heard a lot.
It is a very complex world
behind SEO.
Yes yes.
Search Engine Optimization.
It encompasses many things,
but the fundamental goal is to
optimize your website to appear
in organic search results.
Google is now the two largest
search engines in the world.
But not only do your links
appear, but generate free
charity traffic to your
website.
Some things you said, I will
highlight, are appearing first
on organic search engines
without paying.
What has an advantage is that
it will generate sustainable traffic
in the medium term without paying
for each of those clicks.
This can be very beneficial
for a company.
and totally.
It is also often a charity
trade.
I think we understand the
main benefit and it is sustained
generation of traffic without
variable cost.
But having said this, what can we do?
What can a company do to, instead
of being on the eighth page,
that no one comes, be in the
first, in the fourth place?
To answer this question correctly,
you need to understand a little,
very schematically, how
a search engine works.
How Google works.
What we see as a user is, I do a search
and it gives me this of results.
But to get to this there
is all a pre-work, which
we call indexing.
Is it a pre-work that does who?
The search engine or the company?
What the search engine does.
The search engine is a process, let'
s say more than a job, it is a technological
process.
What he does schematically is, command
the search engine, what we call
robots, through all those computers
of the earth, across the Internet,
and goes listing
all the web pages.
And when you find this robot
or spider, this spider, a
web page, what it does
is behave exactly like a standard
user.
It's that you read the web page, analyze
what's there, see a link, go to the
other page, etc.
This is an indexing process.
The purpose of robots is, what is it?
For each of the URLs, for each
of the pages, it is to identify
which keywords are, put them
in your database, and from
there build the search
results for each of
those words.
This is schematically.
So, the first job to do when
we want to optimize SEO
is to facilitate this job,
this indexing process.
This is basically technical.
We have to let these robots,
these spiders, pass by so that
they do their job properly.
That is the first job.
There are several tools that allow
you to identify whether your page
is well indexed, the problems there
are, etc.
This is almost a computer
work.
You can also prepare your website so that the
robot can read it better.
It is exactly that.
The second job is a much more
marketing job.
It's a job of defining what the
famous keywords are for which
I'm going to try to appear.
And for this, what I have to do
is, again, analyze what the searches
are.
Google tools give us some ideas
and we need to have this idea
of a pool marketing.
Users are looking for things.
Do I want to answer or do I not want
to answer this question?
If I want to answer, I will give you
the right answer.
Do I have good content?
Yes or not.
If I have it, what I have to
do is optimize this content.
That is, to go back to the indexing
part, it's to place where this
keyword is allowed and
where it makes sense within
my content.
This is like deciding where you
want to compete or where you
want to play.
It is exactly this.
The NBA Power.
A key word would be the power NBA,
but that's very easy, that's the
example we've put.
I think we can compete in the
NBA.
The NBA online.
Or we can compete, imagine, I don't
know, in startup or in digital marketing
or in business.
We have to decide where we want to play.
actually is.
And once you have this decision,
this list made, you look at your
website and you say, hear, what I
have today, this page in particular,
this category or this content,
because it does correctly
respond to this.
There the job is, I have to
adapt a little bit of things to
put this keyword here or this
word here so that the robot
understands that it is this one
I want to press.
So this is a job, there is
a lot of writing work.
Besides the discussion, there
is also a writing part.
If you have nothing, you have
to decide and write and produce content.
The third element, to understand the
third element, is to understand
a little the mission given in
search engines.
The mission that is given is, I will
give my user the best result for
their search.
That is their mission.
At least they are advertising that.
They consider a web page to be
relevant to a topic, for a keyword,
not only if you have indexed it
well, or if it has relevant
content, but if there are
other external pages that talk
about redirecting traffic
to this same web page.
That is a job of analyzing and
encouraging the links referring
to your website.
This allows you to build an
element that we call popularity
of your website.
The more pages talk about you,
the more popular you get.
As followers, we will say that.
A little the same logic.
This is a key point of SEO.
I will summarize the three things
you said very quickly to finish.
If we want to optimize SEO,
go up, we have to, first, prepare
our website technically so
that that spider, that
robot that scans everyone
is able to read those words.
But we have to choose which
word is key.
We want to compete or play, which
depends on many things, as you said.
And finally, what we have to do
is keep in mind that robots are
not only a subject of reading the
word, but they also take into account
which pages are more relevant,
more popular, etc.
And the main criterion that
Google uses to tell whether your
page or the competitor's page puts
it higher or lower based on
relevance, is that there are
external links from other web
pages, social networks, etc.
Let us say they are...